[DOCS-5545] adding scheduling jobs in Jenkins video (#5149)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/running-pipelines.adoc

When a Pipeline completes, it will check to see if any previously completed runs should have their `stash` artifacts
cleared.

== Scheduling jobs in Jenkins

> Configuring jobs to run at specific times provides flexibility while building in Jenkins.
> Using the scheduling function allows jobs to be run off-hours or during down times.
> Schedules allow jobs to run and scale as Jenkins usage increases.
> This video provides insight on the scheduling function and its various configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduling function lets you schedule jobs to run automatically during off-hours or down times.
Scheduling jobs can help you to scale your environment as Jenkins usage increases.
This video provides insight on the scheduling function and its various configuration options.
```
